# Summary of Dennett

Dennett presents a bleak and pessimistic view of recent developments of artificial intelligence, specifically the threat of
AI that are designed to mimic human speech and behavior.  AI development has reached a point where most individuals have difficulty 
discerning between text produced by humans and those produced by AI. He compares this AI to counterfeit money, calling them "counterfeit people," 
and uses this comparison to argue his main point; that the creation of counterfeit people should be stopped immediately, and that people involved with
creating counterfeit people should be criminalized. Overall, his main argument is that counterfeit people pose an immediate threat to our society, and if 
left unaddressed, this rampant AI technology could grow out of our control.

One example of how counterfeit people pose a threat to our society is that it can erode democracy. Since democracy relies on informed citizens,
Dennett argues that counterfeit people allow for misinformation to spread, thus affecting how these people think, resulting in a tainted democratic
process. Another example Dennett presents is how the rich and powerful, such as mega-corporations or influential politicians,
can use these counterfeit people to influence us for their own personal gains or agendas. These counterfeit people, 
unlike traditional weapons, are able to reproduce and inform each other, thus allowing for the natural evolution of 
AI personalities that able to present themselves as more human-like or evade any safeguards we produce against them. 

One method already being used to help prevent their proliferation is to create systems that acts as a watermark to help identify a counterfeit person.
Returning to the counterfeit money example, currencies today are designed with a watermark to help verify their authenticity. Similarily,
AI would be written with a detectable "watermark," and built-in systems in devices would inform users whenever the information being 
presented to them is AI generated and help address concerns regarding potential misinformation and deception. However, this relies on the cooperation from 
device companies and developers to help implement the strategy in order to be fully effective. Companies that refuse to cooperate, or any bad actors that help 
contribute to the proliferation of counterfeit humans, should then be punished and held accountable for the damage they have caused. Companies, such as 
Google or Microsoft for example, that are involved with the creation of human-like AI would have to take proactive measures to prevent the threats 
Dennett outlines. Dennett argues that if they refuse, penalties or criminal charges would be enforced. Yet while these solutions are presented,
implementation requires a lot more work and can be costly. Again, returning to the comparison to counterfeit money, Dennett presents another option,
which is to treat the emergence of counterfeit humans as a nuisance. However, Dennett stresses that if safeguards are not implemented sooner, 
counterfeit humans will only continue to spread, with consequences much costlier in the long run. If this were the case, the prevention 
would be too late, and rather we would have to implement a strategy of treatment.

While Dennet acknowledges that AI will have plenty of economic benefits, he argues that dangers of AI must be first addressed promptly before
the consequences are fully realized. Dennett presents his argument in a very pessimistic tone, stressing urgency and immediate action. However, in my opinion,
while Dennett's main point is to emphasize the dangers, it is also important to appreciate the benefits of "counterfeit humans," which Dennett does mention,
but feels overshadowed and not fully addressed. For example, Dennnett could have included the fact that the advancement of AI could help productivity increase,
which could bring forth massive economic gains. Dennett also could have provided more examples of the consequences, or provide instances of
of his fears actually occuring to help strengthen his argument without his article coming off as fearmongering. Dennett could have included
a cost-benefit analysis of the rise of advanced AI. Doing so could strengthen his argument regarding the economics aspect. However, overall, Dennett 
presents a compelling argument that brings attention to the rise of advanced AI.

Demo Edit
